documentation/hours.md, before:

# Hour reporting


## Week 1

[Weekly report #1](/documentation/report1.md)

| Date | Time spent | Description |
|-|-|-|
| 23.7.2019 | 2h | Wondering about topics, basic research on WAV files, established a repository & hello world |
| 25.7.2019 | 2h | Documentation, repo setup, searching for sources. Dummy program structure. |
| 26.7.2019| 1h | Additional thinking & preparing I/O functions for processing WAV. |
| __Total__ | 5h | Good start, but there's a whole lot ahead. |

## Week 2

[Weekly report #2](/documentation/report2.md)

| Date | Time spent | Description |
|-|-|-|
| 27.7.2019 | 2h | Gloom & Doom, Reading up on WAV, writing back to file, and some WAVE header parsing |
| 28.7.2019 | 4,5h | More reading up on WAV, parsing WAVE headers, added sample files with different sampling rates. Now I can see what the file is like. Implemented writing WavFile objects to disk from the pieces they were originally broken into. |
| 29.7.2019 | 3h | Added javadoc to wavfile, tests for wavfile, setting up tests and general shenanigans |
| 30.7.2019 | 1h | Implemented basic bit interleaving and extraction for single bits. |
| 31.7.2019 | 4h | Pain and suffering, I struggled a lot bit LSB encoding and decoding in its simple form is now available. |
| 2.8.2019 | 3h | Fixed LSB, wrote tests, refactored project for maintainability. Wrote report and documentation |
| __Total__ | 17,5h | That's alot of hours. I did ok mostly. |

Subtotal for the first 2 weeks: __21,5h__

## Week 3

## Week 4

## Week 5

## Week 6

## Week 7

Commit message:

Updated project structure. Modified POM, README and hour list. Added method for extracting bytes of a single audio channel

documentation/hours.md, after:

# Hour reporting


## Week 1

[Weekly report #1](/documentation/report1.md)

| Date | Time spent | Description |
|-|-|-|
| 23.7.2019 | 2h | Wondering about topics, basic research on WAV files, established a repository & hello world |
| 25.7.2019 | 2h | Documentation, repo setup, searching for sources. Dummy program structure. |
| 26.7.2019| 1h | Additional thinking & preparing I/O functions for processing WAV. |
| __Total__ | 5h | Good start, but there's a whole lot ahead. |

## Week 2

[Weekly report #2](/documentation/report2.md)

| Date | Time spent | Description |
|-|-|-|
| 27.7.2019 | 2h | Gloom & Doom, Reading up on WAV, writing back to file, and some WAVE header parsing |
| 28.7.2019 | 4,5h | More reading up on WAV, parsing WAVE headers, added sample files with different sampling rates. Now I can see what the file is like. Implemented writing WavFile objects to disk from the pieces they were originally broken into. |
| 29.7.2019 | 3h | Added javadoc to wavfile, tests for wavfile, setting up tests and general shenanigans |
| 30.7.2019 | 1h | Implemented basic bit interleaving and extraction for single bits. |
| 31.7.2019 | 4h | Pain and suffering, I struggled a lot bit LSB encoding and decoding in its simple form is now available. |
| 2.8.2019 | 3h | Fixed LSB, wrote tests, refactored project for maintainability. Wrote report and documentation |
| __Total__ | 17,5h | That's alot of hours. I did ok mostly. |

Subtotal for the first 2 weeks: __21,5h__

## Week 3

[Weekly report #3](/documentation/report3.md)

| Date | Time spent | Description |
|-|-|-|
| 4.8.2019 | 0,5h | Research |
| 5.8.2019 | 1,5h | Research |
| 6.8.2019 | 1h| Research. Added JTransform package for dealing with Fourier Transforms. |
| 9.8.2019 | 2h | More research. I worked on transforming audio bytes to doubles for fourier transformations. |
| __Total__ | 5h | This week I was super tired, so I focused on trying to understand what I was doing. |

Subtotal for 3 weeks: 26,5h


## Week 4

## Week 5

## Week 6

## Week 7
